flot.navigate
============

Flot plugin for adding panning and zooming capabilities to a plot.

The default behaviour is double click and scrollwheel up/down to zoom
in, drag to pan. The plugin defines plot.zoom({ center }),
plot.zoomOut() and plot.pan(offset) so you easily can add custom
controls. It also fires a "plotpan" and "plotzoom" event when
something happens, useful for synchronizing plots.

Options:

    zoom: {
        interactive: false
        trigger: "dblclick" // or "click" for single click
        amount: 1.5         // 2 = 200% (zoom in), 0.5 = 50% (zoom out)
    }

    pan: {
        interactive: false
        cursor: "move"      // CSS mouse cursor value used when dragging, e.g. "pointer"
        frameRate: 20
    }

    xaxis, yaxis, x2axis, y2axis: {
        zoomRange: null  // or [number, number] (min range, max range) or false
        panRange: null   // or [number, number] (min, max) or false
    }
  
"interactive" enables the built-in drag/click behaviour. If you enable
interactive for pan, then you'll have a basic plot that supports
moving around; the same for zoom.

"amount" specifies the default amount to zoom in (so 1.5 = 150%)
relative to the current viewport.

"cursor" is a standard CSS mouse cursor string used for visual
feedback to the user when dragging.

"frameRate" specifies the maximum number of times per second the plot
will update itself while the user is panning around on it (set to null
to disable intermediate pans, the plot will then not update until the
mouse button is released).

"zoomRange" is the interval in which zooming can happen, e.g. with
zoomRange: [1, 100] the zoom will never scale the axis so that the
difference between min and max is smaller than 1 or larger than 100.
You can set either end to null to ignore, e.g. [1, null]. If you set
zoomRange to false, zooming on that axis will be disabled.

"panRange" confines the panning to stay within a range, e.g. with
panRange: [-10, 20] panning stops at -10 in one end and at 20 in the
other. Either can be null, e.g. [-10, null]. If you set
panRange to false, panning on that axis will be disabled.

Example API usage:

    plot = flot.plot(...);

    // zoom default amount in on the pixel (10, 20) 
    plot.zoom({ center: { left: 10, top: 20 } });

    // zoom out again
    plot.zoomOut({ center: { left: 10, top: 20 } });

    // zoom 200% in on the pixel (10, 20) 
    plot.zoom({ amount: 2, center: { left: 10, top: 20 } });

    // pan 100 pixels to the left and 20 down
    plot.pan({ left: -100, top: 20 })

Here, "center" specifies where the center of the zooming should
happen. Note that this is defined in pixel space, not the space of the
data points (you can use the p2c helpers on the axes in Flot to help
you convert between these).

"amount" is the amount to zoom the viewport relative to the current
range, so 1 is 100% (i.e. no change), 1.5 is 150% (zoom in), 0.7 is
70% (zoom out). You can set the default in the options.
